Top stories now on ndtv.com:nullWe've listed our 10 favourite looks from Indian celebrities over the years - and yes, Ash, Sonam and Freida Pinto appear more than once, as they should.Busted, but unapologetic. This little girl, caught experimenting with mom's make-up, is clearly 4 going on 40 and has attitude to match.The Blakes are using humour to deal with their inability to conceive.Overall, contaminants in outdoor air caused more than 3 million premature deaths a year, the UN body said."Money frees people to be socially connected with those they choose rather than those who can provide resources"Tigers are not known to climb trees unless they're provoked or extremely hungry. Or if they are Shere Khan.The brand new Gadgets 360 is here and everyone's loving it. For exclusive deals on phones, laptops, tablets, as well as the latest news, reviews, and everything else from the world of #gadgets, log on to Gadgets360.com #GadgetLoveTop stories now on NDTV.com:Nitish Kumar is featured as Mahabharata's crusading Arjun on posters and banners that dot Pindra in Uttar Pradesh, about 30 km away from #Varanasi, the parliamentary constituency of Prime Minister Narendra Modi No Longer Most #Polluted In World. But 4 Of 5 Worst Cities In India 

Zabol in Iran most polluted. Next 4 are Gwalior, Allahabad, Patna, RaipurFlySpiceJet To Pay 10 Lakh For Offloading Passenger With Cerebral Palsy Baby At 70 For Punjab Mother Triggers Ethics And Health Concerns What It's Like To Campaign With Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy - by Maya Sharma - Indian Premier League: Delhi Daredevils beat SunRisers Hyderabad by 7 wickets, move to third in standings 

Highlights: 
Scorecard: 
Points Table: 

Image Credit: BCCIAam Aadmi Party vs Badals: Drug Problem Biggest Issue In Punjab Polls?

Watch the full show here: Frank Islam, From Azamgarh, A Big Face Of Team Hillary Clinton - by Rana Ayyub - Indian Premier League: Impressive death bowling helps Delhi Daredevils restrict hosts SunRisers Hyderabad to 146/8 

Live Updates: 
Live Scorecard: 
Points Table: 

Image Credit: BCCIHave To Protect Gandhis To Protect Myself: #AgustaMiddlemanToNDTV 

Watch full interview here: - Indian Premier League: Delhi Daredevils win toss, elect to bowl vs hosts SunRisers Hyderabad 

Live Updates: 
Live Scorecard: 
Points Table: 

Image Credit: BCCILove karaokes? Your wedding just got better.
#bandbaajaa #trending #marryokeWATCH: 'Disco Dancer' ride disaster at theme park

Amusement park near #Chennai sees one killed, 7 injured. All were workers employed by the theme park. They were enjoying trial ride when accident took place 

Read what happened here: Basu is not impressed by your ‘weird comments’ on her honeymoon pics – that means you, trolls 

Image courtesy: InstagramThis Browser Claims to Improve Your Laptop’s Battery Life by Up to 50% competition between USA and China goes on.nullnullnullnullSurprised?null"No region is untouched by this crime and no country is immune".null"We are confident that this visit by Sirisena will contribute to further strengthening the close and cooperative relations between India and Sri Lanka."6 cheapest Windows 10 laptops in India 

More details: is now time that the operators take steps to improve the services."nullThe move came just days after Yahoo Mail was also blacklisted due to fears of ransomware infiltration.Map law won't hurt tech firms, but companies like Google will have to depict maps correctly: Kiren RijijuStarting in August.'Common Use Self Service' starts from May 1"This is the making of history."nullHike CEO Kavin Bharti Mittal reveals how he threw out the old rule booksFind out which ones.Kangana Ranaut has gone out of reach, says Irrfan KhanRobots to take 25% of the current jobs by 2025 

More details: Chinese firms surpassed their own full-year record in 2015 when they spent $106.8 billion on foreign acquisitions.Mallika Sherawat loves to shock people, but the Bollywood actress took us by a complete surprise on Day one of Cannes 2016. 

What do you think?It's called "“passion investing” and it can make you a handsome profit.In this island, there are no cars. Just a dark sky filled with stars.This is what the abandoned Chernobyl looks like today.When a snake strikes, it moves so fast it could hit you four times within the space of one eyeblink.It takes 3 minutes to clear those foggy headlamps.For Dalí, geometry could be a route to eternal salvation.If you've seen the movie Armageddon or Deep Impact it sounds straightforward enough, but it's actually a lot harder than it sounds.Visual, or optical, illusions show us that our minds tend to make assumptions about the world – and what you think you see is often not the truth.Some say Da Vinci’s masterpiece has a twin. Could it be?During the last 25 years, the country has been growing at a fast clip, with per capita income doubling over that time.The Ganges is revered in India but it is also the sewer that carries away the waste from the 450 million people who live in its catchment area.Wolves are quite adaptable to humans. The question is whether humans are adaptable to wolves.Move over dumb socks, shoes and shirts, ‘smart’ clothes are poised to take over.One new genus and five new species of fan-throated lizards have been found in the drier parts of India.Future commercial planes?Could it be better than a BMW 3-Series?Are jukeboxes coming back?Scientists are on the hunt for a different sort of bounty: chemistry that might just save your life.The origin of some of the biggest names in the Indian and global business scene today.Thanks to recent changes in the local tourism laws, travellers can now experience the legendary beauty and gracious culture of the Indian Ocean islands for less.Have you been?Oxygen only started to appear about 2.4 billion years ago."Sometimes, I just take my computer bag and get on the plane."In this place, people bond over humour as much as over food.What is it like?“Of course, I’ll travel to America. But I’m hoping that he’s not the guy that wins,” Khan said.The US had recently said Pakistan would have to pay in full if it wanted to go through with the nearly $700 million deal for the F-16s. Pakistan was to get a $429 million subsidy for the jets.

An angry Pakistan has said it will consider other options if it cannot buy the F-16s.“It would be unfair on me if they don’t hold trials. They should have told me beforehand, I would not have trained at all. The government has spent money on my training. I am not demanding they send me, all I want is a trial,” said the 32-year-old veteran.Breaking his silence on the chopper scam that has turned into a political hot potato, former defence secretary Vijay Singh said all decisions were taken in a professional manner following the advice of the Indian Air Force (IAF) and there were no signs of any wrongdoing.“There is no Hindu or Muslim dance, dance is dance."This is just too good to be true.Individuals with PTSD relive past traumas again and again, bound in a virtual prison of their memories.Teenage girls with diets rich in five fruits and vegetables can slash their risk of breast cancer by a quarter.A three-month course of Kundalini yoga and Kirtan Kriya meditation practice helps minimise cognitive and emotional problems.Those who are content and confident about the way they look have better sex lives, self-esteem and happier relationships with their spouses.Spending too much time on social media, are you?No one likes stained, yellow or chipped nails especially when getting shiny white nails is so easy.The new rules make it mandatory for all real estate projects and brokers to be registered with the regulator who will oversee transactions and settle disputes.There were so many fabulous names on the red carpet we lost track of who was coming and going and who was giving the double-sided French cheek kiss to whom.This is scary!The protestors were members of Federation of South India Farmers Associations.While shooting for film-maker Vishal Bhardwaj’s critically acclaimed movie, Haider (2014), Shahid enjoyed exploring Jammu & Kashmir.Other than Taylor, only the legendary Michael Jackson has received such an honour.If one goes by Kolkata’s bookmakers, Bengal is in for a photo finish come May 19, the counting day, as no one party holds a clear edge over the other.Like his contemporaries, Aditya hasn’t travelled to different places for stage shows. However, he seems to be changing that approach now.Manikandan, a native of Somangalamnallur a village near the Tamil Nadu capital, suffered head injuries and was declared dead at a hospital.Even though the Cannes Film Festival is a film event, it is also one of the most eagerly awaited events on the fashion calendar.“I most definitely DID NOT be disrespectful to our coach nor abuse any one & definitely did not use the FOUR LETTER WORD. Your story reeks of SEXISM and is incorrect & exaggerated beyond words," Preity Zinta posted on Facebook.“The scripts deal with him being an object of a girl’s obsessive affection, and how the act of cyberstalking becomes a subject of public interest."“I feel it’s our duty as we are looked up by people. This is the least as actors we can do. So I asked the production house to manage and create a scene where they do not have to use water.""They key to understanding Freud remains in focussing on questions that try to explore the whys and not the whats. To measure his success or the lack of it, in terms of how scientific his theories were, would only serve to reinforce the popular notion that Freud was wrong on most fronts — something that the majority of academics and psychologists are convinced is true."Shashank Manohar’s resignation as Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) president has thrown open the door for aspiring candidates in the BCCI.If the President receives a palpably vulnerable or politically coloured recommendation on Article 356, he must return it to the Cabinet for reconsideration,  writes Gopalkrishna GandhiForeign policy has been at the heart of Prime Minister Modi’s public profile. Two years on, he needs to reaffirm the Foreign Ministry’s role as India’s primary interlocutorIt is time for an independent judicial inquiry into the trail of the Rs.20,000 crore borrowed from banksA look at how MPs spent their time in Parliament this session.Eighteen people, members of six families, stranded for nearly two months in war-torn Libya landed at the Cochin international airport on Thursday.Re-introduction of excise duty is one major reason impacting demand.nullnullnullnullWATCH | Brazil's Senate voted 55-22 today in favour of President Dilma Rousseff's impeachment. What happens next?From RoofAndFloor by The Hindu groupThe session started on February 23. The first half of it concluded on March 16 and Parliament met for the second half of budget session from April 25 to May 13.Candidates with murder charges (302 of IPC) against them are: CPI’s Thalli candidate T. Ramachandran (three), DMK’s Tiruvottiyur candidate K.P.P. Samy (one), PMK’s Vilavancode and Kalasapakkam candidates R. Hariharan and R. Kalidass (one each) and DMK’s Srirangam candidate M. Palaniyandi (one).PODCAST | From pre-independence up until present day cinema, how has Kollywood dealt with alcohol and actors? Listen here:Narsingh had won the Olympic quota place in the 74kg category at the World Championships. But double Olympic-medallist Sushil, who missed the event owing to a shoulder injury, has insisted that a trial be held to determine who should ultimately represent India at the Rio Games.Ms. Rousseff is accused of breaking fiscal laws by shifting around government funds to plug budget holes. Opposition parties say sleight-of-hand accounting allowed her to boost public spending to shore up support.WATCH | Eighteen Indians returned home today morning from war-torn Libya, where they were stranded for 42 days. Those who arrived alleged that the Indian Embassy in Tripoli was not of much help and that they had to arrange everything on their own for the flight home.The Supreme Court said on Wednesday that Bihar, Gujarat and Haryana were hesitant to even acknowledge, let alone address, a drought or a drought-like situation. They had not disclosed the full facts about the conditions prevailing in their States.nullCalling out the political parties for their alleged negligence towards tribal issues in the State, Ms. Janu blamed successive regimes for the continuing plight of the tribals.A time frame cannot be fixed for Stalin’s elevation to the next level, says Karunanidhi.In Delhi's Odd-Even Scheme, there were more cons than the pros. This makes it less suitable as a long-term plan to reduce pollution."Success has been more demonized this year than applauded."THINX is incredibly upfront about its business.Get the upper hand.This smart umbrella of the future connects to your phone and becomes your virtual personal assistant.Meet the 14-year-old who turned down $30M and now wants $50M for his vending machine start-up: can replace Steve Jobs.""Trump and Ryan's standards may not be so far apart when it comes to policy."nullThis is tragic.Two years in, his company is making revenues over $5,000,000.Time to bust out that "bucket list."We are chatting with Tony Horton, creator of P90X. Ask all your fitness questions here!Facebook's leaked documents give an inside look at its news-selection process.This is pretty breathtaking stuff.A storm is brewing.Critics have said Target's policy is "exactly how sexual predators get access to their victims."VR is taking off in a big way.It's real. It's happening.The gun, which was set to be auctioned at a starting bid of $5,000, is no longer available for purchase.will.i.am says he'll move to London if Donald J. Trump becomes president.That's a lot of money."Poultry workers are humiliated, degraded, and put at risk of serious, painful health issues."That's a lot of money.A man in London found his car halfway underground after this huge sinkhole nearly swallowed his car.Donald J. Trump is here to stay. Get used to it.Thought Of The Day...#ThoughtOfTheDay #SuccessMantra #MorningQuotesIn India, there are thousands of temples. Each temple has a unique feature that attracts devotees from across the globe.Eat these food items to combat seasonal allergies!Persistent childhood asthma can trigger lung diseaseWOW! Another one by Sanjay Leela BhansaliWow! Instagram has got a new look, check it out...SpaceX's Dragon returns to Earth from space station with precious science load!Love stays forever?This is how NASA satellites track volcanic ash clouds!Feeling dry mouth? Know how to deal with it!Who will win the race 'Akbar' or 'Sultan'?People, especially the younger lot is seen spending most of their time on sites such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube.Google Translate to work in any app soon!nullCheck out Justin Kurzel's directorial venture 'Assassin's Creed's trailer!Researchers find new dog species that roamed Earth 12 million years ago!Emraan Hashmi trained by Mohammad Azharuddin!Oops! Do we smell trouble hereHere is the list of India's top 10 airlines by market share as per the list released by DGCA for March 2016.Here's what Afridi said that infuriated Warne...In a sensational revelation, which has once again nailed Pakistan's lie about underworld don...Here we present you with a few ways with which you can enhance the battery life of you smartphone.Check out this beautiful image of New York!Why politicians are displaying irresponsible behaviour in Bihar? | Part VIOverall, the net employment outlook has gone up by 4 percentage points (April to September, 2016) from 89 to 93 in the preceding six months (October 2015-March 2016)The Indian Chief Dark Horse has a 1811cc V-twin engine, with a distinctly rumbly voiceSometimes doing business with your own bhai is as fraught with tension and pitfalls as doing business with the bhais of the underworldUse of natural ingredients like chamomile, lavender, green tea and the absence of added sugars (the drink uses natural sugar from fruits – fructose), chemicals or preservatives (it is pasteurized – the same process used in milk) is the specialty of TranQuini, explains Elafifi"Volumes have definitely slowed. But in terms of the length of time it takes to sell expensive real estate, I am not sure if anything has changed," says Knight Frank's Lord Andrew HayForbes India speaks to both players about the ramifications of the deal and their plans in IndiaWill we see more front desks impressing us? Will we see more business processes getting towards the top right quadrant?As the city's real estate sector reels under a prolonged slowdown in sales, developers like Akshaya are changing strategies to copeRelax - that's what this man wants you to do.The Marriott-Starwood merger will create the largest hotel chain in the world—and potentially in India tooHere'a a preview of our #SeventhAnniversary special issue! 
On the cover: Sanjiv BajajLord Andrew Hay, global head of Knight Frank Residential, who advises the rich on their real estate purchases, says property is an attractive asset class even todayEcommerce and tech startups would be the biggest contributors in employment creation over the next six months, according to TeamLease reportDwayne Bravo is a #ChampionUnder Sunil Rohokale and Amit Bhagat, ASK's realty PE business challenged conventional wisdom. Their funds tested the equity financing route and generated stellar returns by staying true to their investment philosophyThe ability to treat each consumer as unique and to tailor the marketing mix to appeal to her uniquely has always been a marketer's dreamManaging a business is important, but in a family business, managing the family is also importantOnline fashion retailer Myntra has bowed to this reality and will bring back its desktop site from JuneNew luxury properties across the globe worth having on your itinerary this yearHere are some interesting graphics representing the highs and lows of the realty sectorVikas Oberoi, boss of Mumbai-based Oberoi Realty, says the new real estate legislation will increase direct and indirect costs for developers, who will then pass them on to buyersHeard about the rent-a-bed model?If statistics tells a story, here are some glaring ones!Ecommerce and tech startups would be the biggest contributors in employment creation over the next six months, according to TeamLease reportA pick of the best, the latest, the greenest, the quirkiest, the most luxurious... that money can buyNifty Options most actively traded globally for index options in 2015 #Nestle India Q1 profit misses as Maggi fiasco continues to hit sales bans this Kolkata-based company asking it to refund investor's money bans this Kolkata-based co mpany asking it to refund investor's moneynull#Latest PM #NarendraModi pushes for complete rural electrification by Budget 2017 is the reason I have trust issues"Check out NEHA Dhupia's beauty hacks for glowing skin #ITLifestyle #REIIP drop, CPI uptick don't augur well for economy is your horoscope for May 13, 2016RBI tweaks shareholding norms for private sector banks 
Meet Himachal's first female taxi driver Seema Thakur who drive across the mountainous terrain #ITVideo #RE#JusticeForAditya 
Bihar Deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav stokes fresh row with his shocking 'jungle raj' defence #ITVideo #REIndia Today Impact: Agencies want Michel deported, ED may send team to Abu Dhabi
Daredevils stun table-toppers Sunrisers Hyderabad by 7 wickets, jump to third spot 
cops tamper with evidence against Rocky Yadav: 10 glaring lapses by Bihar police 
want justice for my son: Chanda Sachdeva, Aditya's mother 
#JusticeforAditya #ITVideo #REMassive cloudburst in Udhampur kills 3 school children
of Somali man responding to PM Modi goes viral 
take over Vijay Mallya's Kingfisher Villa in Goa, now what next? #KingOfBadTimes #ITVideo #REFormer India women's football captain accuses coach of sexual harassment 
this chilling video of terror training camps in Kashmir doing rounds across the country. 
Click 'watch more' for full video
#ITVideo #REForeign Secretary Jaishankar meets Bangladesh counterpart, assures India's support to combat terrorism
are excited to tell our dear members that first batch of The Bhonsala Adventure & Sports Foundation and The Hitavada Twinkle Club presents ‘Personality Development Camp-2016 for boys and girls left for their rocking journey. 
Check out the first lot of pictures clicked by The Hitavada photographer Satish Raut. The coverage of the event will appear in tomorrow's edition.
Thanking You
The Hitavada Admin#TheHitavada #Nagpur #News 
#MadameTussauds #Modi 
#International #News 
#National #News 
ARMY on Wednesday released video of a girl denying molestation by any soldier at Handwara in the frontier district of Kupwara. A Defence Ministry spokesperson released a video of a girl, who has denied the allegations against the Army. In the video, the girl is seen speaking to local mediapersons at Handwara. 
Full News on: #Entertainment 
Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt today said he sees his daughter Alia Bhatt and many other actresses fitting into the shoes of Smita Patil, who could handle both commercial and parallel cinema with aplomb. “There is a new dawn, a new energy. 
Full News on: #Nagpur #News 
In an interesting turn to the ongoing hearing over irregularities and illegalities in allotment of surplus land under Urban Land Ceiling (ULC) allotted to various institutions, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Wednesday sought to know whether such land along with building or structure could be taken back, if the allotment was cancelled even after the passage of 10 years.
Full News on: #News #Business 
INDIA’S fuel demand jumped 11 per cent in 2015-16, the fastest pace in two decades, as petrol and diesel sales soared on expanding economy and manufacturing activity.
Fuel consumption rose 10.9 per cent to 183.5 million tonnes in the financial year ended March 31, from 165.5 MT in the previous year, according to the latest data released by the Oil Ministry. Diesel sales soared 7.5 per cent to 74.6 MT. 
Full News on: #TheHitavada #WT20 
■ By Rahul Dixit
BETWEEN the unnoticed world of domestic cricket and expansive canvas of the Indian Premier League (IPL) many a name keeps floating up only to get drowned once the limited frenzy dies its natural death.

■ By Sudhanshu Bisen

LOVE can be ineffable, sometimes. It often falls prey to the torque of destiny. However, its mystic trance gives a thumbs down to all the sufferings. It is love that gives faith a vision, gently flowering the relentlessness. Wednesday’s contest will be between two relentless... 
CHIEF Mohan Bhagwat on Sunday said that “Hindu sanskriti (culture)” is India’s identity and that is why it is known as “Hindu Rashtra”, even as he stressed on organising those who accept Indian values and cultural system of unity in diversity.Chandapur Bureau 
CHANDRAPUR, Jan 10
 
FOREST Department has shot more than 60 wild boars dead in Dhaba and Kothari Forest Ranges responsible for causing damage to the crops in the last two days.By Sagar Mohod

The state of economy during next financial year is likely to be static as manufacturing sector in country projected a more or less same levels of production, that would mean not much pressure on transportation front. The cement sector, aluminum manufacturers has projected a sharp rise and a slight increase in the coal production are some of the highlights of the core sectors. The power sector is in bad shape and predicted a drop in production.nullnullnullNagpur NewsCityline exclusivenullnullnullFORCED to shift base to another venue due to floods in their home city, Chennaiyin FC were crowned the Indian Super League champions after they beat FC Goa 3-2 in a drama-filled summit clash in which three goals were scored in the last four minutes on Sunday.Guest ColumnUnsafe ATMs
Even as the city grappled with the shocking news of robbery at three Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) in and around the city, equally shocking tales of how banks have brazenly flouted
security norms at ATMs also came to light.
