Three Premier League clubs want to sign Mario Gotze...

Gossip column: Roy Keane heading back to Parkhead?If they had left him out, he would only have intercepted the squad bus anyway...A Premier League career ended in an instant.No North. No Wade. No Cipriani...Could some of the world's best really miss Rio 2016?Less snowballs, more spring sun.No coach? No worries.Cosy.A comeback, but on the safe side of the ropes.Glad that's cleared up then.Gold Medal (and) JacketWe're live at the Women Sport Trust #BeAGamechanger Awards with @gailemmsIs it Joe Root's turn to get the drinks in for David Warner?"When you get your chance, you need to use it."The force isn't that strong in this lotAndy Murray is movin' on up the rankings...This will go down well on one half of Merseyside...If the music dries up, he could turn tipster..."He doesn't do stress."Holiday denied?It could result in athletes missing out on Rio 2016.What do you make of this Everton fans?Dundee Utd have a new boss.Can he become a Liverpool FC legend?Young turks Rishabh Pant and Sanju Samson capitalised on the good start and chased down the target with such maturity that belied their age to take Delhi to a seven-wicket win and to the third place in the standingsIPL 2016: Delhi Daredevils (150/3) beat Sunrisers Hyderabad (146/8) by 7 wickets to jump to third spot in the standings Warner and Shikhar Dhawan combined for their fourth fifty plus stand in the 2016 IPL to lay a solid foundation for their team, but SRH’s middle-order failed to capitalise on the good start, losing way after the duo's departure, managing 146 for eight vs DelhiDaniil Kvyat revealed that Red Bull Racing rang to tell him he had lost his seat at the Formula One team just as he was settling down to watch an episode of 'Game of Thrones'.#IPL2016 #SRHvDD Delhi Daredevils restrict Sunrisers Hyderabad to 146/8. Follow ap part time job khoj rahe he" 

💰To hum batate he, part time job. 
Wo bhi ghar bethe 2 ghante ki mehnat se kamaye daily ke 700-800+++ bina koi investment kiye!  ...

💰"PURI JANKARI KE LIYE HAMARE WHATSSAP NO.99266,52143PR JOB LIKH KR BHEJ DE"

(Eh bar wiswas kr ke hamare no. Pr send apki life Chang ho jaegi).. 🙏..Jay hind..🙏Hey The Times of India | Sports, Thought you may like our Muscle cars pages - Chatterjee, India's latest kart racing sensation, finished runners-up at the recently concluded KRS-KKS Asia Rotax Max Challenge in Malaysia and has 28 national titles under his belt.Former ICC - International Cricket Council president Ehsan Mani gave a thumbs-up to the coronation of Shashank Manohar as the world body's independent chairman, but also pointed out that the road ahead will be 'full of challenges' for the ex-BCCI chief.Ashwin has not bowled his quota of four overs in 10 of his last 20 Twenty20 games that included five games for Rising Pune Supergiants in the ongoing IPL as opinions have been dividedRashid had four birdies against three bogeys on a wind-swept day.IPL 2016: Delhi Daredevils win toss and opt to bowl against Sunrisers Hyderabad at Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium, HyderabadMartinez has come under increasing criticism this season after a mediocre Premier League season that has left them 12th in the table#BREAKING Everton sack manager Roberto Martinez: SourcesPerera was suspended during Sri Lanka's tour of New Zealand last December, after a laboratory in Qatar, accredited by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) said he had produced a positive result in an out-of-competition test.The highly regarded Argentine, 44, arrived from Southampton FC in 2014 and came close to leading Tottenham Hotspur to their first league title since 1961 this season, only for them to lose out to Leicester City Football Club.Kings XI Punjab coach Sanjay Bangar dismissed reports which claimed that he was abused by franchise co-owner Real Preity Zinta following their one run loss against Royal Challengers Bangalore in Mohali on May 9Belgium will deploy Manchester City FC's Kevin De Bruyne as a playmaker behind two strikers at next month's European Championship, said coach Marc Wilmots.WATCH: AIBA extends deadline for Indian boxing federation electionsRoger Federer withdrew last week from Madrid with back pain.Premier Futsal league ambassador Virat Kohli launched a nationwide talent hunt to identify and pick the top local talent to play in the inaugural season of the world's first-ever multi-national futsal league.Lee Chong Wei's 408 kilometers per hour missile has been recognised as the most powerful smash.Vijender has been unbeaten so far in the circuit, winning all his bouts via Technical KnockoutsThe IOA said that it has also received an official written confirmation from Rahman.Real Madrid have made to to the top of the list for the fourth straight year.They say attack wins you games but defence wins you titles, and FC Bayern München’s water-tight defence stands testament to that saying.The goal is to ace their way to Rio 2016! Who's going to make it? Catch the Women's Volleyball World Final qualification, 14th May onwards on Star Sports!David Hussey speaks about Bhuvneshwar Kumar’s strengths and how to tackle them, on #GamePlan at 6:30 PM on Star Sports 3/HD3!'Professor' Rishabh Pant hands out a few Hindi lessons to his Delhi team-mates in tonight’s hilarious episode of #GamePlan, on Star Sports 1/HD1 at 6:30 PM!He’s a player who can turn the tide of a game on his own! Ajay Thakur will have plenty of suitors in the #ProKabaddiAuction!Can't wait to know which team will bid for your favourite Kabaddi players? The #ProKabaddiAuction is tomorrow, catch a sneak peak of it  on ProKabaddi, on a Facebook LIVE session 8:30 AM onwards.Variety is the spice of life! It’s also been the essence of the last 9 F1 Spanish Grand Prix races, as NINE different winners have claimed the chequered flag!He can bat, he can bowl and he can party too! Here’s wishing Windies Cricket’s dangerous all-rounder a very Happy Birthday! #HappyBirthdayPollardA 10-point gap separates 8th placed Liverpool FC and 9th placed Chelsea Football Club, but it’s always an entertaining clash when they face-off! Catch the game LIVE on Star Sports!Jang Kun Lee’s name will be high on the list of many teams at the #ProKabaddiAuction! Wouldn’t you want him for your favourite team?When you are 19 and have so many titles under your belt, it can mean only one thing – he’s truly gifted! Watch out for Kingsley Coman!Get set for final day drama in the Premier League, as qualification for the UEFA Champions League hangs in the balance for Manchester United & Manchester City FC!Rohit Sharma has an enviable record as Mumbai’s captain in the Indian T20 League, but the similarity with Sachin Tendulkar’s record will make him beam with pride, won’t it?After winning all four races this season, MERCEDES AMG PETRONAS stalwart Nico Rosberg has earned a new nickname - ‘non-stop Nico’! Will he make it 5 in a row at the 2016 F1 Pirelli Spanish Grand Prix, this weekend?Guess who just broke the internet? Mr. Nags with his new hit single is doing the rounds on the web, and the man can’t stop gloating about it. Watch the full story tonight on #InsideRCB at 6:30 PM, on Star Sports 1!One of the hottest properties around! Sandeep Narwal’s stock is among the highest of all the players at the #ProKabaddiAuction!It’s daddy’s day out, as Royal Challengers Bangalore’s Shane Watson and AB de Villiers share parenting tips to Chris Gayle-SPARTAN. Tune in to Star Sports 1 at 6:30 PM to watch the full story.Virat Kohli never ceases to amaze us with his achievements! Here’s another one – he has taken the second fewest innings to get to 6000 T20 runs, right behind Chris Gayle-SPARTAN!Manchester United’s route to the top-4 will take another turn tonight when they travel to West Ham United FC. Catch the action, LIVE on Star Sports!Harsha Bhogle analyses the secret behind Kolkata Knight Riders’ success on #KnightClub! Tune in to Star Sports 3/HD3 at 9 AM and 6:30 PM tomorrow to find out!The shining light in an otherwise dim Season 3 for Dabang Delhi Kabaddi Club, Kashiling Adake will represent the capital side in Star Sports ProKabaddi Season 4 too!The Blues would have wanted to maintain a balance this season, but this is probably not what they had in mind!Mario Götze, Robert Lewandowski, and now Mats Hummels! Borussia Dortmund to FC Bayern München is a congested route!Aakash Chopra deconstructs Shikhar Dhawan’s batting style on today’s episode of #GamePlan, at 6:30 PM on Star Sports 1/HD1!The face of Telugu Titans, Rahul Chaudhari has been commanding the team since Season 1, and will be leading the way again in Season 4! 
